When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A: In cases where I am working on a team, or on several machines. Also If I wish to make an open source proyect, github seems the way to go

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
A: I believe that is because it could create conflicts on a teamwork flow, for example if another person updates the file with a change, while I'm working on something else, that person's push would cause a pull on my directory and would overwrite my work.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
A:Forks are to make a clone from another person's github account and to work on it. Clones are to make a local copy from github on my computer and branches are for making diferent/experimental versions of work (that could or could not be local only).

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
A: The benefit is to be able to compare the changes made since the last downloaded version. That way it's theoretically easier to solve conflicts and is a faster way to detect new changes on the origin project.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
A: I would probably use another version system. But as I don't know any other yet, my system would be perhaps getting a common Google Drive account or a shared folder on DropBox, then I would have multiple sub-folders with the versions that work and experimental versions. And a shared document to centralice the workflow. What would be easier might be that people that haven't used git or github would get on board faster and would understand how to do it from the start. On the things that would be harder would be to merge things, to manage which is the latest version and to make them have the discipline to do the work without messing with the files.